# File: flavor.txt

# This file is used to initialize the "flavor" information for the Angband game.
# Do not modify this file unless you know exactly what you are doing,
# unless you wish to risk possible system crashes and broken savefiles.

# kind:<tval>:<char>
# flavor:<index>:<attr>:<text>
# fixed:<index>:<sval>:<attr>:<text>


##### Rings #####
# These are precious or semi-precious stones

kind:ring:=

# Fixed: the One Ring
fixed:1:Ring of Power:Yellow:Plain Gold

# The Ring of Barahir 50
# The Ring of Tulkas 51

# The Ring of Fire 'Narya'
fixed:28:Ring of Fire:Red:Ruby

# The Ring of Adamant 'Nenya'
fixed:40:Ring of Adamant:Light Blue:Mithril

# The Ring of Firmament 'Vilya'
fixed:29:Ring of Firmament:Blue:Sapphire

flavor:2:Green:Alexandrite
flavor:3:Violet:Amethyst
flavor:4:Light Blue:Aquamarine
flavor:5:Light Blue:Azurite
flavor:6:Light Green:Beryl
flavor:7:Red:Bloodstone
flavor:8:White:Calcite
flavor:9:Red:Carnelian
flavor:10:Slate:Corundum
flavor:11:White:Diamond
flavor:12:Green:Emerald
flavor:13:Light Green:Fluorite
flavor:14:Red:Garnet
flavor:15:Light Slate:Hematite
flavor:16:Light Green:Jade
flavor:17:Umber:Jasper
flavor:18:Blue:Lapis Lazuli
flavor:19:Green:Malachite
flavor:20:White:Marble
flavor:21:Light Slate:Moonstone
flavor:22:Light Red:Onyx
flavor:23:Light Slate:Opal
flavor:24:White:Pearl
flavor:25:Light Slate:Quartz
flavor:26:Light Slate:Quartzite
flavor:27:Light Red:Rhodonite
#flavor:28:Red:Ruby
#flavor:29:Blue:Sapphire
flavor:30:Yellow:Tiger Eye
flavor:31:Yellow:Topaz
flavor:32:Light Blue:Turquoise
flavor:33:Light Umber:Zircon
flavor:34:White:Platinum
flavor:35:Light Umber:Bronze
flavor:36:Yellow:Gold
flavor:37:Light Dark:Obsidian
flavor:38:Light Slate:Silver
flavor:39:Umber:Amber
#flavor:40:Light Blue:Mithril
flavor:41:Light Dark:Jet
flavor:42:Yellow:Jewelled
flavor:43:Light Green:Adamantite

# Agate
# Black Diamond
# Blue Diamond
# Flawed Diamond
# Nephrite
# Rose Quartz
# Tanzanite
# Jacinth
# Platinum

##### Amulets #####

kind:amulet:"

# The Amulet of Carlammas
fixed:52:Amulet:Light Umber:Bronze

# The Amulet of Ingwe 51

# The Necklace of the Dwarves
fixed:55:Necklace:Yellow:Golden

# New Artifact (14): The Elfstone 'Elessar'
fixed:44:Elfstone:Green:Green

# New Artifact (15): The Jewel 'Evenstar'
fixed:46:Jewel:White:White

#flavor:44:Yellow:Amber
flavor:45:Light Umber:Driftwood
#flavor:46:White:Coral
flavor:47:Light Slate:Agate
flavor:48:White:Ivory
flavor:49:Light Dark:Obsidian
flavor:50:White:Bone
flavor:51:Light Umber:Brass
#flavor:52:Light Umber:Bronze
flavor:53:Slate:Pewter
flavor:54:Umber:Tortoise Shell
#flavor:55:Yellow:Golden
flavor:56:Light Blue:Azure
flavor:57:White:Crystal
flavor:58:Light Slate:Silver
flavor:59:Light Umber:Copper
flavor:60:Umber:Carved Oak
flavor:61:Light Slate:Dragon Tooth
flavor:62:Red:Ruby
flavor:63:Light Blue:Mithril
flavor:64:Light Green:Adamant
flavor:65:Slate:Flint Stone
flavor:66:Light Blue:Sea Shell
flavor:67:Light Slate:Mother-of-Pearl

# Azure
# Bead
# Dragon's Claw
# Enameled
# Horn
# Shark's Tooth
# Stained Glass
# Fingerbone
# Cog
# Alabaster
# Bone
# Crystal
# Enamel
# Flint
# Glass
# Granite
# Haematite
# Marble
# Obsidian
# Serpentine
# Porcelain

##### Staves #####
# These are wooden

kind:staff:_

flavor:68:Light Umber:Aspen
flavor:69:Light Umber:Balsa
flavor:70:Light Umber:Banyan
flavor:71:Light Umber:Birch
flavor:72:Light Umber:Cedar
flavor:73:Light Umber:Cottonwood
flavor:74:Light Umber:Cypress
flavor:75:Light Umber:Dogwood
flavor:76:Light Umber:Elm
flavor:77:Light Umber:Eucalyptus
flavor:78:Light Umber:Hemlock
flavor:79:Light Umber:Hickory
flavor:80:Umber:Ironwood
flavor:81:Light Umber:Locust
flavor:82:Umber:Mahogany
flavor:83:Umber:Maple
flavor:84:Umber:Mulberry
flavor:85:Umber:Oak
flavor:86:Umber:Pine
flavor:87:Red:Redwood
flavor:88:Red:Rosewood
flavor:89:Light Umber:Spruce
flavor:90:Light Umber:Sycamore
flavor:91:Light Umber:Teak
flavor:92:Umber:Walnut
flavor:93:Green:Mistletoe
flavor:94:Light Umber:Hawthorn
flavor:95:Light Umber:Bamboo
flavor:96:Light Slate:Silver Birch
flavor:97:Umber:Hazel
flavor:98:Yellow:Golden
flavor:99:Slate:Blackthorn
flavor:100:Light Umber:Gnarled
flavor:101:White:Ivory
flavor:102:Light Umber:Willow

# Alder
# Applewood
# Ash
# Cherry
# Driftwood
# Elder
# Fir
# Olive
# Mallorn
# Poplar
# Rowan
# Mirkwood
# Chestnut
# Ebony
# Yew
# Metal Shod

##### Wands #####
# These are allsorts

kind:wand:-

flavor:103:Light Blue:Aluminium
flavor:104:Light Dark:Cast Iron
flavor:105:White:Chromium
flavor:106:Light Umber:Copper
flavor:107:Yellow:Gold
flavor:108:Slate:Iron
flavor:109:Light Slate:Magnesium
flavor:110:Light Slate:Molybdenum
flavor:111:Light Umber:Nickel
flavor:112:Red:Rusty
flavor:113:Light Slate:Silver
flavor:114:Light Slate:Steel
flavor:115:Light Slate:Tin
flavor:116:White:Titanium
flavor:117:White:Tungsten
flavor:118:Light Slate:Zirconium
flavor:119:Light Slate:Zinc
flavor:120:Light Blue:Aluminium-Plated
flavor:121:Light Umber:Copper-Plated
flavor:122:Yellow:Gold-Plated
flavor:123:Light Umber:Nickel-Plated
flavor:124:Light Slate:Silver-Plated
flavor:125:Light Slate:Steel-Plated
flavor:126:Light Slate:Tin-Plated
flavor:127:Light Slate:Zinc-Plated
flavor:128:Light Blue:Mithril-Plated
flavor:129:Light Blue:Mithril
flavor:130:Umber:Runed
flavor:131:Light Umber:Bronze
flavor:132:Light Umber:Brass
flavor:133:White:Platinum
flavor:134:Slate:Lead
flavor:135:Slate:Lead-Plated
flavor:136:White:Ivory
flavor:137:Slate:Pewter

# Adamantium
# Antimony
# Blackened
# Cobalt
# Corroded
# Damascened Steel
# Electrum
# Jeweled
# Stubby

##### Rods #####
# These are metals

kind:rod:-

flavor:138:Light Blue:Aluminium
flavor:139:Light Dark:Cast Iron
flavor:140:White:Chromium
flavor:141:Light Umber:Copper
flavor:142:Yellow:Gold
flavor:143:Slate:Iron
flavor:144:Light Slate:Magnesium
flavor:145:Light Slate:Molybdenum
flavor:146:Light Umber:Nickel
flavor:147:Red:Rusty Iron
flavor:148:Light Slate:Silver
flavor:149:Light Slate:Steel
flavor:150:Light Slate:Tin
flavor:151:White:Titanium
flavor:152:White:Tungsten
flavor:153:Light Slate:Zirconium
flavor:154:Light Slate:Zinc
flavor:155:Light Blue:Aluminium-Plated
flavor:156:Light Umber:Copper-Plated
flavor:157:Yellow:Engraved Gold
flavor:158:Light Umber:Nickel-Plated
flavor:159:Light Slate:Silver-Gilt
flavor:160:Light Slate:Polished Steel
flavor:161:Light Slate:Tin-Plated
flavor:162:White:White Gold
flavor:163:Light Blue:Mithril-Plated
flavor:164:Light Blue:Mithril
flavor:165:Umber:Runed
flavor:166:Light Umber:Bronze
flavor:167:Light Umber:Brass
flavor:168:White:Platinum
flavor:169:Red:Rusted Steel
flavor:170:Slate:Lead-Plated
flavor:171:White:Ivory
flavor:172:Slate:Pewter

# Wrought Iron

##### Mushrooms #####
# These are 'textures'

kind:mushroom:,

flavor:173:Light Purple:Spotted
flavor:174:Light Dark:Rubbery
flavor:175:Mustard:Crumbly
flavor:176:Light Yellow:Moldy
flavor:177:Blue:Mottled
flavor:178:Green:Firm
flavor:179:Mud:Woody
flavor:180:Yellow:Wrinkled
flavor:181:Light Slate:Furry
flavor:182:Light Red:Fragile
flavor:183:Slate:Marbled
flavor:184:Light Blue:Gelatinous
flavor:185:Light Green:Speckled
flavor:186:Violet:Glowing
flavor:187:Red:Striped
flavor:188:Slate:Slimy
flavor:189:Deep Light Blue:Moist
flavor:190:White:Withered
flavor:191:White:Waxy
flavor:192:Umber:Smelly

# Fleshy
# Fuzzy
# Luminescent
# Blotchy
# Leathery
# Rotting

##### Herbs #####
# These are colours or 'textures'

kind:herb:,

flavor:193:Light Dark:Black
flavor:194:Green:Dark Green
flavor:195:Yellow:Yellow
flavor:196:Slate:Grey
flavor:197:Light Green:Pale Green
flavor:198:Light Red:Russet
flavor:199:Slate:Thorny
flavor:200:Light Umber:Mottled
flavor:201:Umber:Wrinkled
flavor:202:White:Pale
flavor:203:Light Green:Leafy

##### Potions #####
# These are colours or -ing verbs

kind:potion:!

flavor:204:White:Clear
flavor:205:Light Umber:Light Brown
flavor:206:Green:Icky Green
flavor:207:Light Blue:Azure
flavor:208:Blue:Blue
flavor:209:Light Blue:Cerulean
flavor:210:Light Dark:Black
flavor:211:Umber:Brown
flavor:212:Umber:Ochre
flavor:213:Light Slate:Bubbling
flavor:214:Light Green:Chartreuse
flavor:215:White:Cloudy
flavor:216:Light Umber:Copper Speckled
flavor:217:Red:Crimson
flavor:218:Light Blue:Cyan
flavor:219:Blue:Ultramarine
flavor:220:Green:Dark Green
flavor:221:Red:Dark Red
flavor:222:Light Yellow:Light Yellow
flavor:223:Green:Green
flavor:224:Mud:Muddy
flavor:225:Slate:Grey
flavor:226:Slate:Vespertine
flavor:227:Light Slate:Hazy
flavor:228:Violet:Indigo
flavor:229:Light Blue:Light Blue
flavor:230:Light Green:Light Green
flavor:231:Magenta-Pink:Magenta
flavor:232:Deep Light Blue:Metallic Blue
flavor:233:Red:Metallic Red
flavor:234:Green:Metallic Green
flavor:235:Violet:Metallic Purple
flavor:236:Light Slate:Misty
flavor:237:Orange:Orange
flavor:238:Orange:Orange Speckled
flavor:239:Magenta-Pink:Pink
flavor:240:Light Teal:Light Teal
flavor:241:Light Violet:Light Violet
flavor:242:Purple:Purple
flavor:243:Purple:Purple Speckled
flavor:244:Red:Red
flavor:245:Teal:Teal
flavor:246:Mustard:Mustard Yellow
flavor:247:Light Dark:Smoky
flavor:248:Orange:Tangerine
flavor:249:Violet:Violet
flavor:250:Red:Vermilion
flavor:251:White:White
flavor:252:Yellow:Yellow
flavor:253:Light Purple:Light Purple
flavor:254:Light Red:Pungent
flavor:255:Light Purple:Lavender
flavor:256:Light Red:Viscous Pink
flavor:257:Yellow:Oily Yellow
flavor:258:Green:Gloopy Green
flavor:259:Violet:Shimmering
flavor:260:Red:Coagulated Crimson
flavor:261:Light Pink:Light Pink
flavor:262:Yellow:Gold

# Swirling
# Caramel
# Curdled
# Briny
# Sweet
# Sour
# Fizzing
# Syrupy
# Frothing
# Peach
# Rosy
# Sea-blue

##### Scrolls #####

# Scroll names are generated from randomly combined syllables

kind:scroll:?

flavor:263:White
flavor:264:White
flavor:265:White
flavor:266:White
flavor:267:White
flavor:268:White
flavor:269:White
flavor:270:White
flavor:271:White
flavor:272:White
flavor:273:White
flavor:274:White
flavor:275:White
flavor:276:White
flavor:277:White
flavor:278:White
flavor:279:White
flavor:280:White
flavor:281:White
flavor:282:White
flavor:283:White
flavor:284:White
flavor:285:White
flavor:286:White
flavor:287:White
flavor:288:White
flavor:289:White
flavor:290:White
flavor:291:White
flavor:292:White
flavor:293:White
flavor:294:White
flavor:295:White
flavor:296:White
flavor:297:White
flavor:298:White
flavor:299:White
flavor:300:White
flavor:301:White
flavor:302:White
flavor:303:White
flavor:304:White
flavor:305:White
flavor:306:White
flavor:307:White
flavor:308:White
flavor:309:White
flavor:310:White
flavor:311:White
flavor:312:White
flavor:313:White
